[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Welcome.
My name's Emery Smith
with "Cosmic Disclosure,"
and today, we're going to be
talking about ET interventions.
David, thanks for coming.
>>DAVID ADAIR: Glad to be here.
>>EMERY: So what's
going on out there?
You can tell me
anything you like
that has to do
with interventions,
but where did it all start?
What was your first experience
that you noticed there were
some intervention going on?
>>ADAIR: The
interventions that I
think they're doing for the
most part seems to be positive,
but there are some
negative ones out there.
>>EMERY: What about Command
Sergeant Major Dean?
Are you familiar
with his experience?
>>ADAIR: Yes, I am.
Bob Dean.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>ADAIR: Bob was, he was a
really good friend of mine.
For years, I kept his
messages on my machine.
Up to his death, I talked
to him once a month.
>>EMERY: What was Bob's
experience with the craft?
>>ADAIR: He was reluctant
to share some of that.
I think that's because he
was still a good soldier.
He's been a good soldier.
But he was very curious
about what went on with me,
and he asked an awful
lot of questions.
And I think some of the
interventions from the aliens
have been positive.
And from what I can
gather from Bob,
there is multiple races
out there, multiple ships,
multiple agendas.
>>EMERY: Sure.
>>ADAIR: And I
don't know if we're
being monitored or protected.
I suspect we are because--
>>EMERY: We're still here.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, the
fact we're still here
and we hadn't killed
ourselves is one part.
But the fact that something
had landed here and just
raped us to death and
killed us, people think,
well, we're so far out
in the distance, so vast,
they wouldn't be there.
Are you kidding?
I think there's pirate
races, intergalactic pirates,
terrorists, whatever
you call them,
and they just go from planet
to planet destroying stuff.
Well, why haven't
we been taken out?
You know, we stick out like a--
we're a big blue marble,
big blue and white marble
in the blackness of space.
Lord have mercy, we got to
show up on radars everywhere.
And the fact we're still here,
somebody is looking out for us.
I am certain of that because--
>>EMERY: Are you aware of
any landings or meetings
taking place?
>>ADAIR: Not really,
not firsthand.
>>EMERY: Not
firsthand, of course.
>>ADAIR: But I've heard
stories like everybody else.
>>EMERY: Anything recent?
>>ADAIR: Well, yeah, we
should have bought it
on July 23, 2012.
Look that up, read up on it.
That's nobody's hearsay,
somebody made it up.
It's all real.
But we should've
bought that day, y'all.
You should have died.
All of us, we should
have been gone.
And people are
probably sitting there,
what is he talking about?
On July 23, we had
not one, not two,
but three CMEs coming
straight at Earth
in a line, three
of them in a row.
The perfect storm.
And what's a CME?
It's a Coronal Mass Ejection.
Think of it as when you take
your hand to your forehead
and you wipe the sweat
off, then you just sling it
off your hands.
It's got little beads of sweat.
Well, beads of sweat like
that come off the sun
as it's rotating, but this
little bead of sweat has got
some lump to it, y'all.
This bead is the size and
mass of Mount Everest,
and it's a ball of plasma
that's coming at Earth.
And they generally travel
just below light speed.
They'll cover 93 million
miles in 14 hours or less.
Well, these three CMEs
come hurling in at us,
and they came 93
million miles away,
and they were going
to hit us dead center.
Then, we have a word
we use in science
when we can't
explain something--
phenomenon.
Something bumped them.
Something.
>>EMERY: Something.
>>ADAIR: Something,
I don't know what,
and I'm open up
to any suggestions
because it's a phenomenon.
We don't know.
But these things just
deflected a little bit,
but it was enough.
But they passed so
close when they went by,
they were between
us and the moon.
They were only 110,000--
>>EMERY: That's
very extremely close
when you're talking
about these things.
>>ADAIR: When they come
from 93 million miles away
and they pass by
only 110,000 miles,
something bumped these things.
>>EMERY: You were given an
explanation, though, recently.
Can you talk about that, of how
we avoided this catastrophe?
>>ADAIR: In a panel I was
on recently for Antarctica,
Linda Moulton Howe said she
had some whistleblowers that
said there was a big
ship out there that
deflected the things.
I wasn't there, so I don't know.
But sounds good to me.
All I know is, something caused
these things to deflect right
at the last minute.
And how serious was this?
This story wasn't released
until two years after the event.
It happened in 2012,
and it wasn't till 2014
that the press even
talked about it.
But if you do the math,
this is really interesting.
If those three CMEs hit on
July 23, six months later
probably the last human being
would've died on the planet
because everything
would have been gone,
and the sun's blotted out.
And that last person
would have died probably
on December 21, 2012.
The Mayans were right.
We should have died.
Something intervened.
Something, I don't know what.
But that CME event did occur.
It's not BS.
It really happened.
Verified by NOAA, NASA, and
about a dozen other countries
that saw it, was mapping it in.
This was a real event.
>>EMERY: Do we have
any technologies
that you're aware of that
could have pulled this off?
>>ADAIR: Not that I'm aware of.
And for them to
just change course
without seeing any flash or any
physical currents out there,
no, I don't know what did it.
I was just thinking of Mr.
Spock and the Enterprise
may have came in.
Something happened that
caused it to change course.
But that day is also
interesting is because it
was so quiet on the news level.
Nothing mentioned
about any of this.
And that's a major--
>>EMERY: Who knew about it in
this compartmentalized section?
Just NOAA?
>>ADAIR: No, the entire
federal government knew.
They were having an open
house at Mount Weatherby.
So they were moving in
with their families,
and they were going to close
the doors and let us burn.
I mean, our government is
just as low as scumbags
as you could meet.
They wasn't even going
to tell us about it.
Why?
Because they didn't
want you panicking
and be on the roads
and they couldn't
get to Mount Weatherby.
>>EMERY: Right.
Right.
You want to talk
about Mount Weatherby?
>>ADAIR: Mount Weatherby is
a huge underground facility
that's designed to save Congress
and the Senate and everybody
that's State of the Union--
>>EMERY: And where
is it located?
>>ADAIR: I think it's Virginia.
>>EMERY: It is Virginia, yes.
Do you know how much it can
hold, how many families?
>>ADAIR: It can hold the entire
State of the Union address.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>ADAIR: Everybody.
Congress, the
Senate, the Cabinet.
>>EMERY: This is
absolutely true.
>>ADAIR: The Supreme Court
and all of their families.
And that's a facility that's
just sitting there waiting
for them to run into it.
Fine time to have an open house
when you got three CMEs coming.
God, the blatant of it
is just unbelievable.
>>EMERY: And why didn't the
other countries and observation
corporations that are out
there looking up at the stars,
why did they not release
this information?
>>ADAIR: That's an
excellent question.
>>EMERY: That's why it was
really confusing to me.
>>ADAIR: Right.
There must be some
kind of lockdown
when it comes to an ELV,
Extinction Level Event,
is what this was, where they're
just not going to tell us
anything, the whole world.
I guess that's so they can
all run to their bunkers.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: That's nice, isn't it?
>>EMERY: Well, thank
god for that bump
and wherever it came from.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
There's something to be
said on a very positive note
about Jupiter and Saturn.
They're Jovian planets.
It means they're gas planets.
But because their
mass and their size,
they got a gravity field
that just won't quit.
When Shoemaker-Levy 9 came
in and struck Jupiter,
it blew a hole in Jupiter
the size of Earth.
And all of that stuff,
all those comets,
they were all heading for Earth.
Jupiter pulled them into it
because of its gravity field.
If it wasn't for
Jupiter and Saturn,
we'd been dead long ago.
You really like big gas
giants in the solar system
because they collect a
lot of trash and debris
before it makes it to
a small planet like us.
But the odds of the three
CMEs changing course,
you got me on that one.
I have no explanation.
And anybody's
explanation is good
because I have no way explaining
why they changed course.
We should have died.
We all should have died at
that moment, but we didn't.
So that's a strong case
for ET intervention.
There must be something
better for us in the future,
or they wouldn't
have taken the effort
to save our bacon like that.
And so, yeah, I believe we
have had an intervention.
Too bad we don't know who it is.
We should send them
a thank you card.
>>EMERY: Yeah, something.
>>ADAIR: Send them some
flowers, something.
But man, that was
a grand moment.
And don't think that that
would count for another 20,000
years we have another event.
CMEs are coming off
the sun all the time.
>>EMERY: All the time.
>>ADAIR: And the odds of
us getting hit is absolute.
It's not if, it's when.
>>EMERY: It's just
when, matter of time.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: What's the
safest place to be?
>>ADAIR: The
interesting about CME,
a CME has never harmed any
plant life or animal life,
but what it is really
hard on is electronics.
Anything electronic,
it's had it.
So back in the storm
of 1869 in September,
when that CME came in,
the Carrington Event,
the only thing we
had was what they
call the Victorian
Internet-- telegraph wires.
The telegraph wire, it
caught it pretty bad,
and the little line
checks caught on fire.
The wires caught fire,
fell to the ground.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: They just
had to stomp out
some small fires, build a couple
line checks, and that was it.
They re-strung the wires.
Now fast forward to today,
walk outside and look up.
Your entire power
grid is 40 feet
in the air sitting on telephone
poles, just saying, hit me.
And when it comes in, we
have set our own selves up
for annihilation.
>>EMERY: You were really good
friends with Robert Dean,
so explain a little bit more to
me some of his amazing events
that have happened that
he shared with you.
>>ADAIR: He did bring
up some that you just
can't explain them.
UFOs that show up and
shut down our ICBMs.
And they're not just
turning the ICBMs off,
they're rendering them useless.
>>EMERY: Useless.
>>ADAIR: That's a clear message
that they could disable us
at any time for
a defense system.
If they were hostile,
we'd already be smoked.
We'd be done.
So then the not
hostile nature is just
showing you the power
that they possess
and the futility that we
have with defense systems.
We think we got all this
nuclear warhead power
and we could be bad to the bone,
and they just simply come in
and shut everything off.
Also, it might be
a clear warning
you shouldn't be messing with
this kind of stuff because--
>>EMERY: It'll destroy us.
>>ADAIR: Well, we're like a baby
with a handgun that's loaded.
We're stupid.
If I was an alien race, I'd be
frustrated with the human race
because we do such
stupid things,
and we just don't
know any better.
I'm curious as why they
think we're so special.
>>EMERY: Because I believe that
they were once us at one time.
>>ADAIR: It's going to have
to be something like that,
some kind of connection,
because I once said in a panel
we're a bunch of monkeys
that turned into Nazis.
>>EMERY: Yeah, that was great.
>>ADAIR: Not exactly
saying a whole lot for us,
but I'm more cynical on
the human race at times.
But I also agree
it's worth salvaging.
And as bad as we look, there's
that constant eternal struggle
we have with ourselves.
We're capable of such beauty.
>>EMERY: Amazing,
beautiful, creative things.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, music and art.
And then look what
we can do in war.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: It's hard to believe
it's the same being that's
capable of doing both.
That could be a curiosity
thing that brings aliens here.
But back to our nuclear
defense systems,
they're constantly showing
how vulnerable that thing is
and how easy it is
to shut it down.
There's been one episode
after another of reports UFOs
show up outside
the bases of silos,
and the machinery just
shuts off or can't function.
>>EMERY: Where at?
Give me an example
that this has happened.
>>ADAIR: Malmstrom
has a famous series
of missiles there
called Missile Row,
and that entire row shut down.
You're talking about
14, 15 warheads.
And that would scare
the daylights out of me,
if I were the general and
I just saw my biggest,
baddest weapons just turn
off like a light switch.
What if you got to fight
something like that?
You ain't got a chance.
So it's very humbling,
which I think
a lot of alien interventions
are designed to try to humble us
because we're so arrogant.
>>EMERY: Yeah, we
have this big ego.
>>ADAIR: Oh, man, it's just--
>>EMERY: We have to be the
first and have the biggest guns.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, biggest,
baddest, and there's
nothing can stop us.
And we can go anywhere,
we do what we want.
And it doesn't work that way.
We need to learn.
And that's the other thing.
We don't learn.
>>EMERY: Well, I think they're
trying to allow us to learn.
We're just not getting it.
>>ADAIR: Stick
around long enough.
>>EMERY: I mean, I think that's
one of the ET interventions.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
If you can save the idiots
long enough from themselves,
like a child, they
might grow out of it
and take more responsibilities
for themselves.
I like to think there's a
change going on nowadays.
You can see it in
our own country.
We have never been
so separated now,
and it's like the line in the
sand is really being drawn.
And you can clearly see
the two sides forming.
And it's going to be
interesting to see
what happens because
there just isn't
enough space for
both of the sides
to exist at the same time.
Something's going
to have to give.
I don't know what the
compromise is going to be.
It's probably what
the aliens are
trying to engineer or to pull
off some kind of compromise.
But right now, it
doesn't bode well for us.
>>EMERY: At this rate,
we're destroying the planet,
destroying ourselves, and
we're still making bombs.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: So we kind of didn't
learn our lesson, I think.
>>ADAIR: I don't know if
you know the story of James
Cameron in "The Abyss."
He had a dream that
would not stop.
He had it every night, and
it was bothering him so much,
he was trying to get
psychiatric help and--
>>EMERY: Yeah, wrap
his head around this.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
The dream to him was these
giant tidal waves showed up
on every coastline of
every country in the world,
and they'd rise about three
miles high right up to a point
and stop.
So he made the movie
"The Abyss," which
is exactly that situation.
After he made the movie "The
Abyss" and it was released,
the dream stopped.
So I think that was
an intervention.
>>EMERY: That's definitely
an intervention from--
>>ADAIR: The message was clear.
Stop trashing the oceans.
The aliens that were living
in the Challenger Deep,
they had enough of us.
And they could easily
wipe us almost completely
out by just doing
sheer tidal waves.
>>EMERY: Sure.
>>ADAIR: And that
was interesting
that Cameron got that dream like
that, and he proceeded with it.
And in real life,
he still is going.
He is the only one that's
went to Challenger Deep.
The Navy couldn't even do it.
He built this new
bathysphere that's
capable of 47,000 feet down.
That's insane.
Yeah, that was one of the
biggest interventions I ever
saw was Cameron trying to tell
us something about the oceans.
>>EMERY: Does China, have they
had any specific interventions
that you can mention on camera
that you know of recently
that have happened over there?
And what is their take
on this whole contact?
>>ADAIR: As a country, they're
moving further than we are.
Three decades ago, I addressed
China's science symposium,
and I gave them the
most detailed layout
of how to excavate Helium-3
from the surface of the moon.
Well, guess where
they are right now?
They're on the moon
excavating Helium-3.
Probably there's
robots up there,
if I could get a
look at one, probably
the very one I designed and
drew on the board for them.
But at least they
took it to heart
and did something about it.
>>EMERY: And how important
is this Helium-3 to us
here on Earth and everywhere?
Explain.
>>ADAIR: I guess there's
a phrase that said,
he who controls Helium-3
will control the world.
Helium-3 is an isotope
of helium that's
been modified by
the heat of the sun,
and it's distributed
through the solar system
by the solar winds.
Now we have Van Allen
radiation belts,
we got layers of
atmosphere, and we
get very little to
practically none Helium-3.
However, the moon sitting
next to us has no atmosphere,
and it has slammed
into the surface of it
many times, millions of times.
The rocks are saturated
with Helium-3.
So what's important
about Helium-3?
If you can get enough of
it together and put it
into a reactor, that reactor's
efficiency will probably
quadruple, and
you're going to have
very little to no radiation.
So clean thermal
fusion fission power.
What a dream.
>>EMERY: Yeah, beautiful.
So we're going in that
direction, you could say?
>>ADAIR: I would think so
because we're so committed
to the fusion fission
industry, and we really
shouldn't have went there.
That was a decision
made back in the '50s.
>>EMERY: And how much of H-3
would we actually need to power
the planet, let's say?
>>ADAIR: This is
where it gets good.
You could take with
the Lunar Rover design
I made, it's like a moon mover,
like an earth mover machine,
and this thing could
sweep an area no bigger
than a football field.
But you'd get enough Helium-3
off that football field
scraping that you could
run all the energy
needs of a country like the size
of China for about 10 years,
and that's just
a small fraction.
And think of the
money that you'd make.
>>EMERY: And it keeps
replenishing itself.
>>ADAIR: It does.
>>EMERY: Just if
you scrape it down,
how long does it take
for me to come back
and dig the same
scraping or dig a hole?
>>ADAIR: If you start right back
over where you started from,
it's already filled back up
because the solar winds are
constant out there.
And we learned about
this decades ago and just
haven't moved on it.
And once again, it's almost
like a conscience effort.
That's an extremely good
reason to go back to the moon.
But no, NASA don't want
to talk about that.
>>EMERY: No.
>>ADAIR: You don't
see any symposiums
held by NASA on Helium-3.
>>EMERY: We don't want that kind
of energy here because then we
would have to--
>>ADAIR: Have to go back
to the moon to get it.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: There's something--
>>EMERY: Well,
there's a lot of money
being made, I'm just saying,
with gas, coal, and oil,
and this would eliminate a
lot of that right off the bat.
>>ADAIR: It would
change that, but that's
all in the right direction.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: Talk about
interventions,
I think we had one for real, and
it was with probably Apollo 11.
You remember they said they
saw beings at the crater's rim?
>>EMERY: The crater, oh yes.
>>ADAIR: We're
not alone up here,
and we have all that hearsay.
I think what happened, why
we don't go back to the moon,
I think we got ran off.
And it's very simple.
You can look this up online.
How much debris and junk
did we leave on the moon?
400,000 pounds, 200 tons
of crap up on the moon.
We hadn't even got there,
and we were throwing--
>>EMERY: We were already
getting stuff ready.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Dumping
our trash there.
>>ADAIR: There's 96 bags
of feces laying up there.
Astronauts had to go somewhere.
They ain't carrying
it back home.
They just threw all this
stuff out on the moon.
So what if somebody
did live there
and they look up on the roof,
and we dropped 200 tons of crap
literally?
>>EMERY: On your backyard.
>>ADAIR: All over your roof.
And then we're saying
over the radio message,
oh, we're going to move
to the moon and occupy it.
>>EMERY: Well, we have to
because we've already dumped
so much trash on top of Mt.
Everest and in the oceans here--
>>ADAIR: Yeah, now we can
go trash the moon some more.
>>EMERY: We got to go find
somewhere else to trash.
>>ADAIR: So I think
the aliens probably got
a hold of Neil
and Buzz and said,
you guys can take some
pictures, walk around,
gather a few rocks, and
then get out of here.
And don't bring your
nasty selves back.
You're a bunch of pigs.
I mean, look at what you did to
the place, trashed it already.
I think we got ran off
because we littered so bad.
What I would propose is
going back to the moon.
First thing we do,
the earth movers,
talking about
picking up trash, we
go back and pick all 200
tons of crap back up,
bring it back home, give
it to Sotheby's, and let
them auction it.
That'd pay for the
entire program--
>>EMERY: Done.
>>ADAIR: --and make a
fortune at the same time.
>>EMERY: They'll be making
washes out of that stuff
overnight.
>>ADAIR: People go, would people
pay for astronaut crap on--
yeah, they would.
They would buy anything.
So then you go back and see if
you can make contact and tell
them, we're sorry about
running all over your property
and not even asking you.
Do you know there's
an association that's
formed to make sure that
the lunar landings are never
disturbed or bothered?
Yeah, it's a
national association.
>>EMERY: No, I did know that.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, look
it up on the internet.
And they want to make sure
that they preserve the sites.
Anybody in those
organizations ever
thought the moon might
belong to somebody?
Did you bother asking them?
Now you're making a permanent
preservation site on their roof
and didn't even ask?
I'm curious about things
NASA don't want anybody
to go look at, the big arch,
the cannon tower, whatever
they came up with names on.
I don't know what
those things are.
Like crop circles, I
don't know what they are,
but I know they're real.
Them crop circles
are real, y'all.
It ain't no Doug and Dave
show stomping out there
with a board and a rope.
They're really
something going on.
Now it maybe something as simple
as teenagers from alien race
that stole the family
car and come down
here and do graffiti--
>>EMERY: --Extraterrestrial
graffiti.
>>ADAIR: Something like
that, but it's real.
It's not made up.
It's not done by us.
It's an intelligent
form of some kind
of entities trying
to communicate,
but we're not getting it.
But it's a real thing.
Back to the moon, the
moon's real, it's there,
but it's not what
we think it is.
And I love it when all the
printed material will tell you
that the moon is part of Earth.
Well, how come there was
such a vast difference
in age in the soil samples
to Earth, 500,000 years?
Now geologically,
that's nothing.
But if you put it on
real chronological time,
we only live about 80
years, half a million years
is significant.
The thing didn't come from us.
And if you check with
the astrophysicists
and look at their records,
they'll tell you about a time
when the moon showed up.
Showed up, like it came in.
Yeah, and they'll
tell you that it
came in within 22,000
miles of Earth and stopped.
Now, you don't have to be a
rocket scientist or a scientist
of any kind to know
something that much mass
coming to something
with that much mass,
it's not going to stop.
It's going to slowly plow in.
It's going to look god awful.
But it stopped and then started
moving an inch and a half
away each year, so now it's
only 238,000 miles away.
So how close was it?
If you walked out
in your backyard
when it showed up, from horizon
to horizon, left and right,
top and bottom would
be nothing but moon.
And so what's up with that?
They won't seem to bring
that up and talk about it.
>>EMERY: I call that a
very large intervention.
>>ADAIR: Exactly.
They came in and stopped.
What were they doing?
I don't know.
But 22,000 miles is
an interesting number
because 22,300 miles is an
exact geostationary position
that we put our satellites in.
>>EMERY: Correct.
>>ADAIR: And that thing
stopped right there.
They're very precise about it.
They will tell you 22,000 miles.
I'm going, hmm, there's
something up with that.
So yeah, I think the moon
has got a lot more mysteries.
>>EMERY: What does that
mean, being a scientist
and explaining that?
>>ADAIR: I don't
know, other than, see,
it's like universal
forces at work,
and you have universal laws.
That was a
geostationary position.
I guess it was the best point
that the moon could get to.
None of it makes sense when
you really think about it.
And the moon didn't even rotate.
It's in a tidal lock.
That's weird.
But the mass of
the moon compared
to the mass of the
Earth, the moon's
way too big for the
Earth to have captured.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: I can go on
interventions out the yin yang
because we should have been
destroyed by our own moon,
and we weren't.
And now the moon is
just so far away,
and we won't go back to it.
There's interventions up and
down the historic timeline.
I would like to know
who the somebody is.
I really would.
Why they don't make full
contact, I haven't a clue.
>>EMERY: Maybe we're
just not ready yet.
>>ADAIR: I guess not.
>>EMERY: I see a lot
of disclosure happening
all over the planet, except for
the United States of America.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: And there's a lot
of, for me, all those files
that I've read from all
the countries, I mean,
that's intervention,
a lot of that.
>>ADAIR: Exactly.
I'd like to know if
we ever make contact
with whoever's on the moon,
if they signed any earlier
agreements.
Wouldn't you like to know
the names on that paper?
>>EMERY: I think we did, but we
also kind of backstabbed them,
not meaning whoever signed
the paper, but probably
other industrial
military complexes that
got this amazing technology.
>>ADAIR: Well, if
you doubt that,
go ask the American Indians.
We made 200 treaties and broke
every single one of them.
>>EMERY: There you have it.
>>ADAIR: We're just
not good at treaties.
So I wouldn't be surprised if
we signed a treaty with whoever
if we've broke that.
And that's where your disclosure
is going to come from,
the third entity, the
people who we can't control.
That'll be a fun day
when that happens.
>>EMERY: Right.
Tell me about General LeMay's
intervention experiences.
>>ADAIR: I was
working on Pitholem,
and Pitholem was the
big rocket that I built.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: So we're in our
operation, I'm in the lab,
I'm working, and there was
people coming and going
all the time.
This guy, he didn't even
come out of uniform.
Normally we would tell them to
show up in civilian clothes,
but he's all decked out.
And I couldn't help but notice
that the lights reflecting off
all his medals and stuff.
But he was talking to
LeMay about something
that had do with SAC,
Strategic Air Command,
and I overheard
him say to LeMay,
we don't need an incident
like we had at Vandenberg.
And he said, we lost
a whole wing that day,
just sitting on the ground.
So he walked away, and
LeMay came over to me,
and this was the only time
I ever asked LeMay anything
because I remembered him
chewing Goldwater out,
Senator Barry Goldwater.
And that's a big
powerful senator,
and I'm just a 17-year-old kid.
But I just had to ask him,
did all those bombers blow up?
Did you lose them?
And he said, no.
He looked at me, and just for
a moment, I guess he just--
we'd been working together
almost two years now.
So he just said,
I had an incident.
I said, with what?
UFOs.
And we never talked about UFOs.
That subject was just taboo.
>>EMERY: Off limits.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, don't
bring up anything.
And I said, were UFOs
giving you a problem there
with your bombers?
And he goes, yeah, two of
them flew over Vandenberg,
and I had 45 nuclear warheads,
and they all went dead cold.
He said, do you
understand the warheads?
I said, the cyclotrons
wouldn't even cycle up.
I went, well, did they shoot
you or blow up somebody?
Nah, just flew over,
flashed their light,
and it was done, gone.
And he says, we find
that very disturbing.
I said, I bet you did.
I stared asking
another question.
He said, no more questions.
>>EMERY: But he referred
to them as UFOs?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, he
said balls of light.
>>EMERY: Balls of light.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, that's
how he referred to them.
They came in and out real fast.
Didn't do any physical
damage, but he said,
rendered my whole wing down.
And he said it took
two weeks before they
could get the warhead
mechanisms come back
to where they can be recharged.
He said, could you come up
with something that could
do that, something like that?
I said, that's a
technology, General,
that's beyond our envelope.
We don't have the industry
for that kind of stuff.
He didn't go any
further than that,
and I knew better
than just to drop it.
>>EMERY: That's it right there.
That's all you're
going to get from him.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, and then he
handed me a page with a list
about as long as my arm.
Here, you got to get this done.
>>EMERY: Get this done there.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, and that was
the end of that talking,
but it made me
wonder about things
because he was very
closed-lipped about all
that stuff.
>>EMERY: Do you think we'll
continue to have intervention?
>>ADAIR: I think we're going
to have interventions until we
have a full-fledged meeting.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: Mainly
because we need help.
We're like the out
of control alcoholic.
You got to intervene to save
the poor soul because he's not
going to save himself.
And I think they've just been
watchdogging us ever since.
Why?
That's another good question.
I have no idea why.
>>EMERY: Probably
just to make sure we
don't kill more than half the
planet or destroy the planet.
>>ADAIR: Well, one
thing that I know,
that other worlds
would not want somebody
like us taking nuclear
power into space
because nuclear weapons into
space does worry other planets.
Because we're a war-like
creature to begin with.
Can you imagine us dragging
nukes out there with us?
That's a scary thought to them.
>>EMERY: Yeah, you
shouldn't be bringing nukes
to the playground with
all the communities--
>>ADAIR: You're not
playing too well
in the sandbox when you want to
just nuke the entire sandbox.
>>EMERY: Oh my goodness.
Well, thank you, Dave.
ET interventions here
on "Cosmic Disclosure."
Thanks for coming on
the show again, Dave.
It's always a pleasure.
Until next time, Emery Smith.
[THEME MUSIC]